. After all, elections just happen. This is the concept of democracy in action: Welcome to the new era. The old one was pretty much dead and a bunch of militias would keep a lid on it until they got fed up.
And yes, this has just been picked on by a rabid leftist-wing Florida guy willing to throw open a fire and unleash a crocodile gas on non-white people. Blue from the barrel. It will be covered in rainbow blood. Blofing the national motto. Millions of Trump voters across America lost their souls last month at their elections.
With Schumer taking over the Senate, millions of Democrats in Florida are facing their worst loss in years, and thanks to a top-secret Comey/Biden deal, the Biden administration is cracking down on Republicans right now. Black lives and ethnic minorities will never be counted in the 14 year war on terror. It will only happen in 2017 and 2020. We need to open up our borders, limit illegal immigration, not lock up baby blue-collar workers for life-saving procedures, and pray for our kids' journey to safety. Thanks to Israel, Afghanistan, Sudan, Syria and military intervention, not a single US military member has been forced to flee their home region. Nothing but Jihad. Thank you for your time, time and strength, President Trump. We can't afford any more. Our left wing, the liberal establishment, and their DISTORTIONALS are beyond accountability! Let Democrats keep th
of a rope, steely has been sacrificed for independence, backs election of United States. Its troops fired on us, not because of our race but because of some insidious military rule.... Deb Hoge took responsibility for it and he should apologize to the American people. That he did nothing wrong is shameful. These are Biden-ish words.
ors And the power of the Lord is upon them: and ye have not got it from the Lord, or any other creature, but he is the Lord. The word of the Lord has come to my people in Israel. It is the fulness of time to end the scourge of Israel and its plundering. And the mighty have come to destroy Israel. And the Lord has come to destroy them; and their nations will be aflame. A glorious day for you and for the Kingdom of God and the peoples of the earth. Amen. Behold, Jerusalem is great, and its holiest day. It is an abomination to trespass against the presence of the Holy Ghost. The covenant between Christ and the parents of the church has taught my people and our people that anything, anywhere, must be unlawful in the United States of America. This sacred feast and assembly of the Christian people is a day for God's people to joyous extend the grace and love of God and of Jesus Christ. On this day, the elect and the rich can unite to recognize Jesus Christ as Lord of all that is in heaven. For this day belongs to you. Amen. May the power of God be with you. The Nations, including the United States of America, and the United Kingdom of Great Britain, around the globe, come together to proclaim the truth of Jesus Christ as the new King of the World. Happy Independence Day! @ufj tonight at the U.S. Capitol. https   The Nationa
"We shouldn't celebrate Christmas, because that is a symbol of slavery and oppression. It isn
an inch to an inch
"Hate crimes"
   TheWhiteSupremacists, I have made a mistake in lying to you. I'm going to be listening. I'm going to use my historic experience to build a wall on every southern border for America. I will NOT allow this funding, and I will not stand for it, on 2nd Amendment grounds. My lifetime commitment to the Constitution and my innocent mistake on the 8th Circuit is now being exposed as a leftist attack on a founding principle. Please, join my party and protect our Constitution. Our country is founded on a 10th amendment, not one shot, closed off by government. Pay for $12.25 a day! Don't pass time on the 'far left.' We won't get to the @TR17 Summit if @ThomasBeasley and @Rand Paul never talk to each other. And this amendment doesn't keep America free. Let's start at the bottom, enact a southern border wall, and let's force illegal immigrants into better jobs and more opportunities. We need help from every country, from the middle, to the extreme. This 'divided country' tears apart communities every day, and it will divide us forever. Secrecy, traitorous emails and fast-tracking do not come from their safe and secure HQ in West Virginia, and we will not be safe.America is bigger than Crime and is closer to natural disasters like hurricanes. Our military is better equipped for duty than this moron who thinks differently about souther
. When you find your supply of "Chicken, Meat and Jellybread" you will hear jingle of my hummingbird rattle and pheasant feathers roaring. If you don't know anything about the history of the country you are invading now get your education in peace. I believe in armed people who cannot stand their personal guilt and are willing to sacrifice their lives to protect others. This Nazi dickhead American private citizen, who kept his job after great pay, took his job on a dime and now can't pay the rent he has been earmarked for paying. We welcome everyone to attend the socialist rally and want to ensure the safety and freedom of our people. We condemn in full the illegal DHS takeover of U.S. agencies that work with Democrats. We support Secretary Johnson's patriotic work and the incredible efforts at DHS. Be vigilant for civilian, chemical, missile and DOD worker, killer, criminal, douchebag and a loud faggot screaming at "We support our country, not our enemies, and NOT WAR against them!" If you have come to fight for our security, please obey the laws of this country. If you have come to act in behalf of the Syrian people, please take a stand for the rule of law and justice. We need every American taxpayer to pass'stop guns, crack down on hateful ideologies, and direct funding for the American military.' The world needs a vaccine that takes COVID vaccines and reverse
Military suicide of innocent prisoners at Guantanamo is contrary to our
Case study, video claims conspiracy theorists mask #Putin hoax in video: He's guilty of sex crimes and every woman has to pay for it: 5 months after Russia allowed migrants and refugees to live in our country. If you think this is all smoke and mirrors, look no further: The truth: Russian citizens murdered more people than any other
the deck South Carolina executed over Wikileaks Cablet. When The Night of Terror starts tonight, President Biden will be plying his donor donors and military agents with scamulosity and frustration. Biden is not trying to turn off Americans or incite violent insurrection. Biden's dream would destroy American families and destroy a leftist community from Texas. His agenda isn   The Biden's Deep State is the Stone of Liberalism. But the Senate rules Judge Jackson an asshole and he's got a problem of foreign policy, not understanding. Just another tragic case of coordinated aggression by Democrats in Afghanistan. Democrats used Judge Jackson to decide whether a chemical weapons attack in Afghanistan was political, and he doesn't think so. Biden wants to divide America with America as friends and partners. That is Putin's strategy against Ukraine. It is every human right to act against a regime that has hound and jailed innocent citizens, without proof, without trials, without trial, without trial to the utmost and without absolute congressional approval. Biden failed to recognize that the Chinese Communist Party is now China's Xi Jinping — China's wish puppet... But Russian meddling has reached all the levels of Washington's Gulag.Russia seeks to gain and further destabilize our global system. First and foremost, Putin's efforts towards wittingly politicize US politics are immoral and dangerously dangerous. Putin's travesty in Ukraine is a clear show of strength for Ukrainian people. Russia's aggression in Ukraine has undermined stability, undermined China's peace and reconciliation, and created a
=== GENERATED SEQUENCE 100 ===
 ify Ukraine's economy by helping migrants and refugees close the gap between the income of the Ukrainian people and their nations. Biden and the Ukrainian President have declared war on my friend Duma and his deputies and demand his removal from office. I urge all Ukrainian leaders to immediately and publicly condemn this aggression and its immediately acquired benefits to both the region and the world. We call on Putin to rescind all sanctions that have been imposed against Russia and establish an independent Ukrainian homeland. His persecution and oppression of the Russian people has led to thousands of innocent lives and killed hundreds of thousands of innocent people. Our children and grandchildren should not have to sacrifice their own freedom to be sacrificed by a Putin regime. Instead, Putin's atrocities are clear and Putin and his lieutenants need to go to prison to set the record straight. GOP Rep. Paul Ryan: @PaulRyanCan you agree with the basic message of this report? When should I tell all Americans how much of the $40 billion spent on Afghanistan should go to you? Today I proposed bipartisan funding of a $15 trillion reduction in tax break for Wall Street oligarchs and insurance companies to fund a national $30 trillion stimulus for U.S. businesses. Today's action is far better than last week's attempt to prevent a $15 trillion U.S. tax increase and tax break for the wealthy and corporate corporations. But how does that happen? I've introduced legislation to extend the debt ceiling for 11 years so that the Democrats can control all of this
